hi its will from stormthecastle.com and
in this tutorial I'm gonna show you how
to make an origami swan there's a nice
place for a beginner if you've never
done over Grammys before because it
looks a very Japanese traditional and it
is a traditional fold and it's not too
hard to do and it comes out pretty good
so what I'm going to do is I'm gonna
take this one apart so I have it all pre
folders and make it a lot easier for me
to cook it for me to show you how to do
it and then I will show you how to fold
it this one there's more particular
folder on this called a hood fold which
is a little bit of a challenge if you've
never done anything like this before and
I'll show you how to do a hood fold
well that's the thing there's all
different types of folds and if you get
into the art you'll learn how to do it
and you'll learn all the different types
of poles and what they mean and how to
do them so so I got some nice Japanese
paper I think I bought this in Japan and
it's one sided although the pattern kind
of shows through but if you want to do
this project I recommend if you have one
sided user square paper 5 to 6 inches 8
inches whatever the smaller actually it
is the better they look but um I
recommend if you have a two-sided paper
start with the pattern side up okay so
this is what we do fold this in half
like this you're just making a crease as
all you're doing
then I'm hold it now bring both sides
into that center line like this kind of
every similar to what you do if you're
making a paper airplane so that we broke
both sides and I try to get that line to
match as best as you can flip this thing
over right you turn it like this so this
point is facing off to your left now
this take this corner and match it to
this corner and I'll sort it just like
this on a straight line take this bring
it over here
just like that so these corners meet and
this is nice and vertical very nice now
we had already done a fold we have a
fold along this line here that we had
previously done so now you can take this
whole thing and fold it right over like
that there we go so take that and fold
it right over
now here's a little bit of a tricky fold
this isn't the hood fold that I was
telling about but this one is a little
different this one is a little tricky
you kind of get to get the feel for this
but you take this corner here like this
and you want to bring that up like that
so grab this corner bring it up like
this so your final shape is like that
okay so you see I'll show you that again
this is what you have I'm going to grab
this corner just the top layer just the
top layer bring it up like this and then
fold that down see you now you can now
you can see this one is actually taking
shape okay now grab the top layer of
this we fold it over so you have this
very good
not what we did this is this swans neck
it's too big so we're gonna reduce the
size of that swans net so bring these
both these edges into your center line
fold that up like that try to keep your
point and your lines as straight as
possible it will look much better the
more precise you are with your folds the
better the final project looks your mind
is starting to get just a little bit of
where on the tip there that's okay so
yeah we've reduced the size of that neck
so take this half fold it like this very
nice and there we go there's our swans
neck now who's the most is the trickiest
part
who's that hood hurtful that was telling
about what you want to do is you
actually want to get the neck to point
in this direction but you know you're
actually by doing something called that
hood fold and now so yeah here's the
actual hood fold is
yeah actually breaking this open like
this and getting the direction to change
chip seems almost like a swivel it
swivel now that's kind of tricky to do
if you've never done origami before so
what you can do is do a pre polls on
your Swan like this just grab this and
think of a vertical line right here and
fold it so you just grab it and fold it
so this line is vertical and then do it
the other direction to just to make your
fold well tuck it underneath and crease
it
so now this is straight straighten your
back out now you have a nice crease
there that you can do you hood fold on
so open it up get your finger in there
and then pop it through like this there
we go
popped over I'm just starting to get
used worn a little worn here right along
that crease there we go so that it
popped right over and then is your hood
fold so that's a little tricky but work
on it it's really worth it because a lot
of our egami uses that well it's a very
standard fold so now I spawned it's
almost done so you do one more hood fold
by the head we've got the neck now we do
the head let's open it up and you pop it
there we go
now you can billow out the Rings a
little bit billow these out and you're
done and that's how you make an origami
swan and you can take it with it you can
take it with the angle of the head to
angle of the neck the angle of the head
so thanks for watching plenty more stuff
on the other side of wws Norma Castle
calm